Hi Pawan,

Thanks a lot for the update.  It seems things are converging but I think the talk needs to be shorter and more focused to show at a FASER meeting (these slides are more suitable for an internal meeting).  You don't need to discuss everything we have thought of, just what you did for this and tell a clear story that people can follow.  You also need some discussion of each plot (one sentence) on the corresponding slide.  

I think the two main things you want to show are:
- The number of events in AL9 vs SL7 with ratio (i.e. p38-42)
- The "efficiency" in AL9 vs SL7 with ratio, where efficiency is the fraction of events that have 2 fiducial tracks in all stations that have either ==2 or >-=2 tracks.  I don't see these plots, do you have them?

Some slide-by-slide comments:

p2: I would point out that Sinead looked at tracking performance for single muon events but might be different for close by tracks, so look at A' events.  Also mention that Ansh looked briefly at A' cutflow in the two and saw no significant difference but wanted to check vs separation.

p3: instead of the red, I would say that you combined for stats but can separate by mass/coupling if people are interested

p4: I would remove after the first main bullet and instead just say that will then look at number of evens and efficiency as a function of separation

p6: For each of the plots you need to conclude something e.g. AL9 has slightly more long tracks on that slide rather than on a separate slide later

p7: Not sure what you mean here by "a mess"?

p8: Say that there are more track propagation errors and ask if we know why?

p9/10: I would just have chi2/ndof and then say AL9 is better

p11-13: say they are mostly similar

p14: Put these comments on the corresponding slide

p16-19 Move to back up

p20-27 Don't think you need these plots, just show the comparison ones.

p28-33:Do these tell us anything that the ones from p38 with the ratio don't?  I don't think so so would put them in the back up.

p34-35 I would just say how you define efficiency and define the truthd0/1_r variable. I'd them drop p36

p37: you need a comment here.  Would also be good to add a line with the efficiency of passing the >= or == 2 track reco cut 

p38-42:  I am confused here since you say efficiency but the plots have number of events on the y-axis.  Aren't these just the numbers in each and the ratio?  Also, the ratios need zooming on y e.g. 0.7-1.3 and a comment added to each.  Also, these plots seem "too good" compared to the differences on p28-32 no?

p44-end: not sure this is needed.  Are you not going to show the plots of the efficiency we discussed above?

Tomorrow I am free to chat in the morning.
p2: Done. Added both. [Might add a slide for the A' cutflow]
p3: Done. Added.
p4: Done? Do we still want to keep the plots? Since you do express comments on the following slides
p6: Not sure I understand
p7: Done. Sorry about that.
p8: Added. 
p9/10: Keeping it since Chi2 has a much more visible early peak. 
p11-13: Done. 
p14: DOne.
p16-24: Think it adds context here? Allowing me to elimiate XO and Y0 based plots later
p26,29, 30: Again, I think an argument can be made in terms of context addition and aggregate number of tracks decay
p31,32,33: Stats I think should be there. 
p34: Done. Not sure I understand the latter comment of p36 
p37: Done? I think 
p38-42: Mistake on my end fixed now.
p44-end: Uhhh... Just wanted validation/comments from and acts as future direction kind of slide.


